README.md, before:

This app is a stand-alone [FHIR](http://fhir.hl7.org/) resource validator. Using this app, you can validate a FHIR resource against an optional FHIR Profile.

## Running the FHIR Validator App in development
### Requirements:
* Node `12` with `npm` installed
* Docker (to run the FHIR validator wrapper)

### Setup
From the root directory of `fhir-validator-app`:
* `npm install`

### Running the app:
From the root directory of `fhir-validator-app`:
* Run the Typescript compilation engine: `npm start`
  * Note: this will auto-recompile whenever you save a change to one of the Typescript files, and will trigger a page refresh if you have the app open in development
* Run the validator wrapper: `docker run -p 8080:4567 infernocommunity/fhir-validator-service:latest`
* Navigate to the app in your browser of choice at http://localhost:4567

## Running the FHIR Validator App in Docker
From the root directory of `fhir-validator-app`:
* Build the image, using `docker build . -t fhir_validator_app`
* Run the container, using `docker run -p 8080:80 -e external_validator_url=<URL to external validator> fhir_validator_app`
* Visit the site at `http://localhost:8080`

## Running the FHIR Validator App using Docker Compose
From the root directory of `fhir-validator-app`:
* Build the image, using `docker-compose build`
* Run the compose file, using `docker-compose up`. This will run both the standalone validator app, as well as the [fhir-validator-wrapper](https://github.com/inferno-community/fhir-validator-wrapper) Docker container required to do external validation.

## Contact Us
The Inferno development team can be reached by email at
inferno@groups.mitre.org.  Inferno also has a dedicated [HL7 FHIR chat
channel](https://chat.fhir.org/#narrow/stream/153-inferno).

## License

Copyright 2022 The MITRE Corporation

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use
this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the
License at
```
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
```
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

Commit message:

FI-1954: Add trademark notice to readme (#103)

README.md, after:

This app is a stand-alone [HL7® FHIR®](http://fhir.hl7.org/) resource validator.
Using this app, you can validate a FHIR resource against an optional FHIR
Profile.

## Running the FHIR Validator App in development
### Requirements:
* Node `12` with `npm` installed
* Docker (to run the FHIR validator wrapper)

### Setup
From the root directory of `fhir-validator-app`:
* `npm install`

### Running the app:
From the root directory of `fhir-validator-app`:
* Run the Typescript compilation engine: `npm start`
  * Note: this will auto-recompile whenever you save a change to one of the Typescript files, and will trigger a page refresh if you have the app open in development
* Run the validator wrapper: `docker run -p 8080:4567 infernocommunity/fhir-validator-service:latest`
* Navigate to the app in your browser of choice at http://localhost:4567

## Running the FHIR Validator App in Docker
From the root directory of `fhir-validator-app`:
* Build the image, using `docker build . -t fhir_validator_app`
* Run the container, using `docker run -p 8080:80 -e external_validator_url=<URL to external validator> fhir_validator_app`
* Visit the site at `http://localhost:8080`

## Running the FHIR Validator App using Docker Compose
From the root directory of `fhir-validator-app`:
* Build the image, using `docker-compose build`
* Run the compose file, using `docker-compose up`. This will run both the standalone validator app, as well as the [fhir-validator-wrapper](https://github.com/inferno-community/fhir-validator-wrapper) Docker container required to do external validation.

## Contact Us
The Inferno development team can be reached by email at
inferno@groups.mitre.org.  Inferno also has a dedicated [HL7 FHIR chat
channel](https://chat.fhir.org/#narrow/stream/153-inferno).

## License

Copyright 2022 The MITRE Corporation

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use
this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the
License at
```
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
```
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

## Trademark Notice

HL7, FHIR and the FHIR [FLAME DESIGN] are the registered trademarks of Health
Level Seven International and their use does not constitute endorsement by HL7.
